.TH SERDI 1 "06 Jan 2019"

.SH NAME
.B serdi \- Read and write RDF syntax

.SH SYNOPSIS
serdi [OPTION]... INPUT BASE_URI

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB\-a\fR
Write ASCII output if possible.

.TP
\fB\-b\fR
Fast bulk output for large serialisations.

.TP
\fB\-c PREFIX\fR
Chop PREFIX from matching blank node IDs.

.TP
\fB\-e\fR
Eat input one character at a time, rather than a page at a time which is the
default.  This is useful when reading from a pipe since output will be
generated immediately as input arrives, rather than waiting until an entire
page of input has arrived.  With this option serdi uses one page less memory,
but will likely be significantly slower.

.TP
\fB\-f\fR
Fast serialisation without object inlining.  This affects only model
(non-streaming) serialisation, and disables searching and statement reordering
for pretty printing.  Statements will be written in simple sorted order, which
is faster, but may result in less readable output in Turtle or TriG.

.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Print the command line options.

.TP
\fB\-i SYNTAX\fR
Read input as SYNTAX.
Valid values (case-insensitive): turtle, ntriples, trig, nquads.

.TP
\fB\-k BYTES\fR
Parser stack size.

.TP
\fB\-l\fR
Lax (non-strict) parsing.

.TP
\fB\-m\fR
Build and serialise a model.  This loads the complete input data into memory
before writing the output.  This will normalize statement order, at the cost of
performance and memory consumption.

.TP
\fB\-o SYNTAX\fR
Write output as SYNTAX.
Valid values (case-insensitive): turtle, ntriples, trig, nquads.

.TP
\fB\-p PREFIX\fR
Add PREFIX to blank node IDs.

.TP
\fB\-q\fR
Suppress all output except data.

.TP
\fB\-r ROOT_URI\fR
Keep relative URIs within ROOT_URI.

.TP
\fB\-s INPUT\fR
Parse INPUT as a string (terminates options).

.TP
\fB\-t\fR
Write terser output without newlines.

.TP
\fB\-v\fR
Display version information and exit.

.SH AUTHOR
Serdi was written by David Robillard <d@drobilla.net>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2011-2019 David Robillard.
.br
License: <http://www.opensource.org/licenses/isc>
.br
This is free software; you are free to change and redistribute it.
.br
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
<http://drobilla.net/software/serd>
